It's all in this book. Everyone
gets one of these when they die. It's kind of
complicated, but I can only do
it with the help of a living person.
And you could
literally give me my life back.
I don't know. Maybe we could ask my mom,
because she's supposed
to be the undead expert, right?
I'm sure she'll
give you a million reasons to
stay away, but I'll
give you one reason to help me.
You get to see your dad again.
I have the first
official open house a week from
Sunday, and then we
will let the bidding war begin.
Where's Rory?
Supermarket, swapping
out the candy I bought for carrot
sticks. Because Rory loves to
fun suck everything. Even Halloween.